1. Which of the following App Service plan categories provides the maximum scale-out capabilities?
Dedicated compute
Isolated
Correct
Shared compute

2. Which of the following networking features of App Service can be used to control outbound network traffic?
App-assigned address
Hybrid Connections
Correct
Service endpoints

3. What is the purpose of the Azure App Service Environment feature?
It provides a shared infrastructure for running App Service apps.
It allows for the deployment and running of containerized web apps on Windows and Linux.
It provides a fully isolated and dedicated environment for running App Service apps with improved security at high scale.

4. What determines the set of compute resources for a web app to run in Azure App Service?
The geographical region where the app is deployed
The pricing tier of the app
The App Service plan
Correct

5. What is the purpose of using deployment slots in Azure App Service?
To deploy an app to a staging environment and then swap staging and production slots, eliminating downtime
Correct
To increase the storage capacity of the application
To add up to nine sidecar containers for each sidecar-enabled custom container app

6. In which of the following app configuration settings categories would you set the stack and SDK version?
Application settings
Path mappings
General settings
Correct

7. Which of the following types of application logging is supported on the Linux platform?
Web server logging
Failed request tracing
Deployment logging
Correct

8. Which of these statements best describes autoscaling?
Autoscaling requires an administrator to actively monitor the workload on a system.
Autoscaling is a scale out/scale in solution.
Correct
Scaling up/scale down provides better availability than autoscaling.

9. Which of these scenarios is a suitable candidate for autoscaling?
The number of users requiring access to an application varies according to a regular schedule.
Correct
The system is subject to a sudden influx of requests that grinds your system to a halt.
Your organization is running a promotion and expects to see increased traffic to their web site for the next couple of weeks.

10. By default, all client requests to the app's production URL (http://<app_name>.azurewebsites.net) are routed to the production slot. One can automatically route a portion of the traffic to another slot. What is the default routing rule applied to new deployment slots?
0%
Correct
10%
20%

11. Some configuration elements follow the content across a swap (not slot specific), whereas other configuration elements stay in the same slot after a swap (slot specific). Which of the following settings are swapped?
Publishing endpoints
WebJobs content
Correct
WebJobs schedulers

12. An organization wants to implement a serverless workflow to solve a business problem. One of the requirements is the solution needs to use a designer-first (declarative) development model. Which of the choices below meets the requirements?
Azure Functions
Azure Logic Apps
Correct
WebJobs

13. What is a key benefit of the Flex Consumption plan in Azure Functions hosting options?
It provides fully predictable billing and manual scale instances.
It offers high scalability with compute choices, virtual networking, and pay-as-you-go billing.
Correct
It allows for the packaging of custom libraries with function code.

14. What is the maximum number of instances for a function app on a Consumption plan in Windows?
300
100
200
Correct

15. Which of the following choices is required for a function to run?
Binding
Trigger
Correct
Both triggers and bindings

16. Which of the following choices supports both the in and out direction settings?
Bindings
Correct
Trigger
Connection value

17. In the Node.js v4 programming model, how are triggers and bindings configured?
In code using the @azure/functions package
Correct
By editing function.json directly in the Azure portal
By adding entries to host.json